e_valley_store/README.md, before:

# E-Valley Store

The Flutter client in this repository focuses exclusively on the Valley Farm
Secrets storefront. It mirrors the shopping experience that lives under the
`/store` route of the Next.js web application by reusing the shared Store API
endpoints for products, categories, and checkout hand-off.

## Features

- Product catalogue with hero highlights, category browsing, and search
  filtering.
- Specials carousel and cart management with a streamlined checkout prompt.
- Shared networking stack (`StoreApiClient`, `StoreRepository`) that targets the
  same API used by the web experience.

## Prerequisites

- [Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install) 3.22 or newer.
- An instance of the Next.js application from this monorepo running locally or
  deployed so the Store API endpoints are available.

## Running the app

```bash
cd e_valley_store
flutter pub get
flutter run
```

The default configuration points to `http://localhost:9002`, matching the
development server for `npm run dev` in the web project. When you build a
release the app automatically switches to the production domain configured in
`StoreApiConfig` (`https://valleyfarmsecrets.com`).

To point the client at a different environment, pass
`--dart-define=STORE_API_BASE_URL=https://your-domain` when running or building
the Flutter app.

## Testing

Run the Flutter test suite from the project root:

```bash
flutter test
```

## Additional resources

- [Store API documentation](../docs/store-api.md)
- [Web storefront implementation](../src/app/store)

Commit message:

feat: load store in webview shell

e_valley_store/README.md, after:

# E-Valley Store

The Flutter client now serves as a lightweight shell around the Valley Farm
Secrets web storefront. Instead of rebuilding the shopping experience with
native widgets it embeds the `/store` route from the Next.js application in a
full-screen WebView. This keeps the mobile app automatically in sync with the
web experience while still letting us distribute it through the app stores.

## Features

- WebView wrapper that loads the Valley Farm Secrets `/store` experience.
- Material 3 styling with a native app bar and reload control.
- Android back-button handling that navigates through the web history before
  exiting the app.

## Configuration

By default the WebView targets the production storefront at
`https://valleyfarmsecrets.com/store`. You can point the shell at a different
host (such as a locally running instance of the Next.js project) with a
`--dart-define`:

```bash
flutter run --dart-define=STORE_WEB_URL=http://localhost:9002/store
```

## Running the app

```bash
cd e_valley_store
flutter pub get
flutter run
```

## Testing

Run the Flutter test suite from the project root:

```bash
flutter test
```

## Additional resources

- [Web storefront implementation](../src/app/store)
